warning we take extreme precautions
while exploring abandoned places and
always leave them intact our main
objective is always to document but
please ask you not to attempt to find
and explore this place thank you a few
weeks ago a ghost town in the desert of
California caught our attention I was
once a mining town home to over 4,000
workers for both a life there however
about 30 years ago due to rising
environmental concerns the mines were
forced to shut down their operations in
the area and all the workers left with
their families the town is now closed
off to the public until further notice
becoming a literal shell of its history
our plan was to drive out to the town
and see if there's any way we could make
it in sight to explore and potentially
spend the night there oh and we brought
Matt's younger brother Thomas along for
his first abandoned adventure there's
nothing we can do if someone's there and
tries to rob us or this is a wish with
all our gear and all that stuff we're
literally in a ghost town like that is
the ideal place to rob or or like kill
someone
we left for the abandoned ghost town
and we are not back please comment
and we don't thank bass if we're all
grabbing for the last meal of our lives
what do you want then it's gonna be the
last meal of our lives there now
responsible foods no a response where
else
no it's enough water
security hopefully we don't get caught
and we come back alive we're all a
little bit scared and have no idea what
that is gonna happen that's part of the
excitement
is anyone scared I think it's just now I
think it's just man yeah
I'm gonna kill oh you keep talking about
security guard security three hours away
from civilization
oh yeah I'm gonna get out of the car
yeah so maybe you look the part let's
make sure we've parked the car like a
safer spot wallow around and try to go
down here we might have a chance of
parking the car hide the car here the
town is in the middle of of these if you
get caught we're just all start speaking
their native languages the gas station
is in this way uh
the gravel road so we're we're hiding
right now and hopefully we find a back
entrance to the town because the the
main entrance is watched I'm on the
virtually throwing out that's nickel one
snakebite
[Music]
I'm currently hiding dyeing the bushes
love this barricaded entrance doors the
gus town we're gonna go in one by one to
make sure that no one spots us it's
really sketchy right now
good loggers parking
we're not alone did you hear the thought
that's the person taking care of the
place yeah like he's not just gonna
wander down the bend in town nightly
search Oh
that is crazy Wow this literally feels
like spirit
[Music]
set up inside a house
this is this little cozy home all right
this is our home for the night god bless
you
[Music]
yeah bullets that's a measure just like
someone doing that over there for a dead
body
how about some houses and 80s have
chemicals in the walls yeah
let's just send it to death notes work I
select this hole just put it
[Music]
[Applause]
the Tris choose the most destroyed of
autumn out of all the village
thieves have grabbed the copper from
other cables
[Music]
watch out first
what is that prove that we're protected
water
yes see you know like there's blood
everywhere they're holy jesus
all these entire walls covered in blood
it's weird there's some houses there
like completely destroyed and there's
others that are very preserved like like
the one we're sleeping in like this one
is wrecked
whose room is this tonight okay let's
play rock-paper-scissors shoot huh you
sure all right this way we must be right
here now home sweet home
found it
[Music]
what's up yeah you gotta be really
strategic with cuz you never know what
happens tomorrow if you think about
where we are right now
Jupiter's campus then you got like an
aerodrome shot at this place it's tiny
houses abandoned goes down
[Music]
nothing a single moment my life where
I'm not been more scared
morally continuously scared this long
like being on adrenaline is just
continuously going forever it's so
[Music]
that's the hash loose here one this is
called children of the corn get the
blanket out of the backseat and my rifle
someone cut his throat
maybe whoever is watching us you repeat
it over and over and at last she began
to recover and held him tight they might
have been they might have been dancing
there on the news strike
boys corpse at their feet
[Music]
I'm gonna find our car it's just me
quick quick quick crystal owner of the
dog see you next Sunday
[Music]